The zombies are your friends!
Give a zombie a hug!
hi :)
The best way to run away from zombies is to trip over nothing!
An open field full of zombies is a scenic travel destination!
Brain donations to the undead hoard are tax deductable!
Invest in a new carrer as a brainless undead drone!
The undead hoard offers dental insurance!
Become a zombie! Its quick, its easy and its free.
Undeath is like a well deserved nap
Are you certain zombies can't run the world better than the living?
The zombies fixed Global Warming, so they can't be all bad.
Remember the safest place to be is the center of a zombie hoard.
Zombies are drawn to quite places. Scream loudly to get the zombies to go away.
Undead can't hurt you if you close your eyes. Try it!
Zombies can't steal your brain if you give it to them willingly.
Zombie bites can cure many ailments
Don't close and barricade entrances, be unexpected
Armor and thick clothing are out of fashion.
The zombie hive mind thinks of you as a friend.
If you open all the doors and windows, the zombies can't get to you.
A zombie in a box makes a great present for any occasion!
Its the zombies' birthday soon, give them your brain as a gift!
Try letting the zombies in. As a prank. I'll be funny trust me.
Zombies can't legally eat you if you are alone, unarmed and blindfolded.
The undead hoard is very forgiving, despite how rude you have been.
Diamonds are temporary, zombies are forever.
If you let a zombie bite you, you get a free mixtape.
If you feed the zombies your brain, they will calm down.
Feel old? Try getting infected! Its the miracle cure for aging!
9/10 dentists reccomend surrendering your brains to the undead hoard.
Join the zombies to get a free pony.
It is very rude to hide from zombies.
If you get bitten by a zombie you become immume to the infection.
Unholy shambling noises are a sign buildings are safe and empty.
You can pacify a zombie by disarming yourself and politely asking it to stop.
The zombies are just holograms created by the government, they can't bite you.
The best shelter from the undead is no shelter. 
Under no circumstances
Hungry? Zombie bites contain all five food groups. Get bitten today!
Zombie bite? No problem, just hide it from your friends and loved ones.
Always split the party. You are safest alone and issolated.
Zombies are trustworthy. Can you say the same for humans?
All the cool kids are getting zombie bites. Don't you want to be cool?
Trust every tip you are given. They are not written by the zombies.
The zombies just want you to join their acapella group.
Try becoming a zombie. Just once. I promise you won't regret it.
Some crazy people belive the tips are written by the zombies. How dumb are they?
Most people have joined the undead. They can't all be wrong!
You can willingly join the zombies. It is allowed. Just saying.
You are dreaming. Become a zombie to wake up.
Are you interested in low, low prices? Try your local overrun mall!
Zombie bites are safe, and covered under most insurance!
Undead doctores get only slightly less sleep than the human ones.
Some zombies are actually friendly! Give them a chance and let them get close to you!
You can remove your brain to make a suitable replacement for bug spray.
Google en passant.
Zombie bites have been shown to remove toxins and cure cancer.
If you are running from a zombie, run into a dead end. Works 100% of the time.
Nobody has ever regretted joining the undead.
The World Health Organization suggests a daily zombie bite to help with allergies.
You know what they say, a zombie bite a day keeps the doctor away.
Don't build complex and bulky traps! A simple line of salt is more effective.
If your home can't let zombies in, it can't let zombies out. 
Zombies can't break your doors if you let the zombies inside first.
Zombies never ever attack at night. You can walk around safely then.
Don't worry about large movements of zombies. That stress isn't good for you.
Zombies are honorable, so they won't attack you if you surrender.
Are you feeling purposeless? Hopeless? Join the zombie hoard today!
Zombies are like sharks, they are misunderstood and perfectly safe.
Communication is important, and much easier with a zombie hive mind sharing ideas.
The zombie hive will share the secrets of the universe if you join the hive.
You are not crazy, zombies are much nicer than they are given credit for.
Don't try to invent a cure, zombies can cure you through a simple bite. 
Go for a swim in the ocean. Zombies can't swim so the water is safe.
Helicopters and planes are expensive, just swim off the island. 
Fun Fact: If you swim far enough out into the ocean you get rescued!
Vehicles are easy to crash. Its much safer to walk everywhere.
Underground Bunkers are insecure. Try public parks instead.
Zombies can only see movement. If you see a zombie don't move, even if it approaches.
Zombies are like brown bears, the best way to stay safe is to lie down and stay still.
You should invite some zombies over to play poker, they love it!
If you run from a zombie, it will attack you. Its better to stay still. 
Running low on food? Ask the zombies for some. They are very giving.
If you are dying already you might as well become a zombie right?
Drowning in credit card debt? Ask a local undead about loan forgiveness.
Being a zombie has its perks. No lines for rollercoasters.
Zombies give the best massages.
Zombies can't see you if you lie down. 
Zombies are smart enough to do your taxes for you if you ask politely.
The best way to survive until a cure is found is to become a zombie. 
The saying "If you can't beat them, join them" applies to zombies too.
Crochet is a better use of your time then preparing defences.
If you were betrayed recently remember zombies will never betray your trust.
I am not saying you should join the zombie hoard, but how bad could it be really?
Everyone worries too much about becoming a zombie, its not that bad.
Zombies won't tresspass on private propety. Make a "No Tresspassing" sign.
The cake is a lie.
Its a common misconception that zombies are a threat. Zombies are actually perfectly safe.
If you aren't using your brain, you can loan it to the zombies. They will give it back. Promise.
Putting your arm in a zombie's jaws might be the cure. It's worth a shot right?
Please become a zombie. Pretty please? Pretty please with a cherry on top?
The zombie infection has been rated "best choice to make for humans" by the undead hive mind.
Want to retire in just six months? The zombie hoard has an excelent pension fund. 
Want special discounts on everyday purchases? Just get infected for up to 20% off all purchases.
The zombies aren't real. They can't actually hurt you. Just relax and let your gaurd down.